Oh dear, you're really putting on a lot of pressure.
You’re nearly on my tail... I can’t afford a mistake now.
Things are getting a little too close for comfort. Anyone else feeling the squeeze?
Whoa, things are heating up! I didn’t think you’d find me that soon!
Yeah, I kinda knew this was going to happen. Shame.
My tactics aren’t working… I need to rethink my approach.
This isn’t going as planned. I’ve definitely underestimated you all.
You're making this harder than I expected.
Hmm... I think I need a new angle of approach.
I can't believe I let you all figure out what I was doing. I've got to be a little more careful.
Oh, uhh... I'm definitely not doing anything over there, nope.
Alright, alright, you’ve got me sweating a little now.
You guys are closing in faster than I expected! Now I've really got to be careful.
Uh oh, I might’ve underestimated you all this time. I thought I had a perfect plan, but maybe not!
This is way more intense than I was expecting! I’m feeling the pressure now, for sure.
I didn’t think you’d pick up on that so quickly. Looks like I’ve got to get a bit sneakier here.
I’m running out of moves to throw you off my trail. I thought I was in control, but now I’m not so sure.
This isn’t looking great for me at the moment! I’ve got to come up with a new plan, and fast.
Well, this is turning out to be more challenging than I hoped.
I’ve got to say, you’re really making me work for it now. I can feel the walls closing in on me over here.
Okay, I admit it, you’ve got me a bit nervous now. I really didn’t think I’d get cornered this badly!
You all have me second-guessing my strategy. I might need a miracle to get out of this one.
I didn’t think you’d catch on this quickly, honestly!
I swear, I had everything under control until, well... now.
I might need to rethink my whole strategy at this point.
Alright, maybe I underestimated you all just a little. I can feel the pressure now.
You’re making me sweat! This isn't looking too good for me, I’ll admit it.
Let’s just say things are... getting complicated on my end.
I think I’m in more danger than I’d like to admit right now. You’re all closing in faster than I expected.
I was feeling pretty confident, but now... not so much. I'm not panicking just yet, but it's getting there!
Okay, okay, no need to gang up on me!
I’ve got to find a way out of this mess. This is getting a little too intense for my liking.
I’m not trapped yet, but it’s getting to be a real problem.
Alright, I admit, I’m starting to feel the heat over here.
