Haha! I'm on a roll. Can you ever catch up at this rate?
You're closer than you think, but I'm still one move ahead!
You think you've found me, but you're mostly one step behind.
You're close, but close isn't good enough. Can you keep up?
I sense some serious scanning going on. This is getting intense!
Your scanners are getting sharp. Can you find me before it’s too late?
I feel like I’m slipping through your fingers right now. It’s so fun watching you all scramble.
You all keep getting close, but not close enough!
You're going to have to do a little better than that to figure out my next move.
Every move you make just plays right into my hands! 
You guys are doing great, but I’m just slipping by unnoticed.
I think I’ve found my rhythm, and you’re just a step behind!
You guys are such a well-oiled machine! I almost feel bad for trying to take you down.
Wow, it’s getting a bit warm in here! Is that the pressure I feel coming from you all?
Keep scanning away, friends! It’s entertaining watching you try to figure out my next move.
I must say, this is quite the game of cat and mouse, except maybe I’m the cat, and you’re all just the mice!
I hope this isn't your A-game today yet! Otherwise, it looks like I’ll be one step ahead, as usual.
I appreciate the effort, but I’m afraid you’re just not looking in the right places. Better luck next time!
Oh, did I just hear someone get frustrated? This is too good to be true!
You all are getting so close, yet so far away! It’s almost as if I’m toying with you.
I’ve seen better scanning techniques from my little brother! Time to step it up, team!
Watching you all try to track me is the highlight of my day. You really need to up your game!
Oh, is that a hint of panic I hear in your voices? I think I’m really getting to you now!
I love how you all keep second-guessing yourselves. That’s the spirit!
I’m starting to feel bad for you all. Maybe I should give you a hint… or maybe not!
I thought this was supposed to be a challenge, but you’re making it way too easy for me!
Come on, I thought you were supposed to be the experts! Is this all you’ve got?
This cat and mouse game is getting a little one-sided, don’t you think?
Looks like I’m living rent-free in your heads right now!
Ah, the sweet sound of frustration! It’s music to my ears!
You might want to rethink your strategies! The Trojan isn’t going anywhere anytime soon.
At this rate, I might just win by default! Keep it up, friends!
By the time you make it anywhere near me I’ll have all the objectives captured before you even have a chance to scan again!