Don’t worry, we’re not judging your skills too harshly. Just kidding, we totally are!
I guess being a virus doesn’t come with a manual on how to be sneaky. At least you’re entertaining us!
Maybe we should hand you a map so you can finally figure out where the objectives are. What do you think?
If you’re trying to play hide and seek, you might want to try hiding a bit better! We can see you from a mile away!
You’re running out of time, Trojan! Hope you brought your A-game.
Did you forget that we’re the Scanners? We’re basically professionals at finding where you are.
You really thought you could sneak past us? Guess you underestimated the power of teamwork!
I hope you’re ready for us to track you down like a bloodhound on a scent trail. No mercy!
Is this a game of Search and Destroy or just a leisurely stroll for you? Because we’re definitely not letting you win.
I hope you’re not planning to rely on luck, Trojan! We’re pretty good at figuring things out.
I have to hand it to you. Your hiding skills are impressive... but nothing compared to us!
What’s the matter? Are you getting a little nervous? You know we’re closing in, right?
You know, you really should consider changing your game plan. It's just not working out for you!
Do you need a moment to regroup? Because it looks like you’re in over your head!
You should have thought twice before challenging the Scanners. We’ve got this on lock!
We’re not even breaking a sweat over here. How’s it feel to be the underdog?
Your hiding spots need some serious work. You might want to consider something else!
I’m almost impressed by how easy this is. Is this really your best effort?
Better luck next time, Trojan! You’re really making it too easy for us.
You must be feeling the pressure! How does it feel knowing we’re just a few moves away from winning?
You know, I thought Trojans were supposed to be sneaky. This is more like a game of whack-a-mole so far.
You’re really making us question your skills here. How do you plan to turn this around?
Not doing much is definitely a strategy for not being seen, huh?
I hate to break it to you, but your strategy is about as subtle as a brick in the face!
At this rate, we’ll have you cornered in no time. You might want to rethink your hiding skills!