Phew! I think I was pretty close to being spotted there. No worries now.
You may not realise it, but you were pretty close to catching me there. Just wait and see.
Close one! I slipped away just in time. Now to find a new spot before you catch on again.
That was a close call! I think I managed to slip through for now. Better luck next time, scanners!
That was intense! I thought I was done for, but I managed to wiggle out of it.
You almost had me there, but not quite! Now I can breathe a little.
Wow, that was way too close for comfort. Time to get back on track.
I thought I was caught for sure there.
That was a narrow escape.
I got lucky there, but I’m not taking any chances from now on.
You guys almost boxed me in! Good thing I can be slippery.
I felt the heat there for a moment, but I think I managed to shake it off.
That was definitely a nail-biter!
Thought I was out, but nope. 
Close calls like that keep things exciting. Can’t let it happen again, though! 
You all made me sweat a little, but I’m still going strong. I can’t lie, I thought I was toast.
Just barely slipped away. That moment had me holding my breath.
Now, I just need to stay ahead. I dodged a bullet there. Can’t let my guard down anymore!
That was a bit too close for my liking! I’ve got to stay sharp. Almost cornered me!
I’ve got to keep moving if I want to stay in this.
You were breathing down my neck there, but I made it through.
Thought you had me on the ropes! Not yet, though.
Well, that was a good push, but I managed to hang on.
That gave me quite a scare, but I think I’ve regained my footing.
That was close, but I think I’ve managed to stay one step ahead.
Looks like I just dodged a bullet. Time to play it cool again.
You almost had me cornered there! Good try, but I’m not done yet.
I was really feeling the pressure, but I’ve got a second wind now.
For a moment, I thought my cover was blown! Glad to be back in the game.
Whew, I managed to wriggle free just in time! Nice try.
That was tense back there, but I’m back in my groove now.
That was a real nail-biter! But I think I’m in a good spot again.
You were closing in on me, but I think I slipped away just in time.
I’ve got to admit, you almost had me there. Let’s see if you can keep up now!
That was a good chase! I’ve got to be a bit more careful from here on out.
I felt the heat there for a bit, but I think I’m in the clear now.
That was a bit too close for comfort! Time to rethink my strategy.
I was starting to feel the pressure, but I think I’m back in control.
I’m breathing a little easier now, but you’re getting better at this.
Close call! I’ll have to keep you guessing a bit longer.
That was intense! I’m feeling relieved to have slipped away.
You nearly had me, but I think I’ve bought myself some time.
I’m loving the suspense, but I think I’m in the clear.
It’s getting harder to stay hidden, but I’m still two steps ahead.