It's so annoying how you seem to know where I am at all times.
Am I doing something wrong here? How are you this close to me all the time?
Wow, you guys are really making this difficult. Do you have some sort of sixth sense or something?
Seriously? Is there a way to get a break from your relentless scanning?
I didn’t realize I was up against a team of scanning experts. This is getting ridiculous!
Great job, Scanners. You’ve made this game way more challenging than I anticipated.
I’ve got to hand it to you all; your scanning skills are on another level. Impressive, but frustrating!
How did you all get so good at this? Feels like every move I make is under a microscope!
I thought I had some tricks up my sleeve, but you guys are proving me wrong with your sharp scanning!
Can you give a Trojan a break? Your scanning is starting to get a bit personal!
It’s almost like you’ve been practicing just to make my life difficult. Nice job, I guess?
I didn’t expect this level of skill from you all. It’s almost like you’re reading my mind!
Do you guys have a map or something? It feels like you're tracking me down with GPS!
I can’t believe how quickly you seem to figure out where I am. Is this some kind of magic trick?
Every time I think I’m being sneaky, you’re right on my tail. What’s your secret?
I’m starting to think you all have some sort of scanner conspiracy going on. It’s a little too coordinated!
You guys really enjoy this, don’t you? I mean, it’s like a game of hide and seek, but I’m the one hiding for dear life!
I feel like I’m being watched all the time. Is there a camera hidden somewhere?
Honestly, how do you manage to be so efficient at this? I need to step up my game!
I swear, if I could just find one good hiding spot, I might actually enjoy this. But you guys are relentless!
You’re all way too good at this! It’s like you can read my mind or something.
Why is it that every time I think I’ve got a plan, you manage to mess it up? It’s almost impressive!
Can we take a moment to appreciate how stressful this is for me? You all are having way too much fun!
I feel like a sitting duck here. You’ve got to give me a little room to breathe!
Do you ever get tired of scanning me? I mean, come on, can’t a Trojan catch a break?
It’s like you’ve got eyes in the back of your heads. How am I supposed to escape?
Every time I make a move, it feels like you guys are just waiting for me to slip up. Give me a chance!
I might as well just give you my location at this point. You’ve got me on a leash!
Seriously, I’m not even sure if this is a game anymore. It feels like a full-on manhunt!
You’re making me rethink my strategy. Maybe I should just stand still and hope for the best!
I’d love to see you guys try and hide from me. This game would take on a whole new level of difficulty!
Is there a trophy for being the best at hunting Trojans? Because you all would be up there for the frontrunners!
It’s getting a bit personal, don’t you think? I’m just trying to do my thing over here!
How do you keep finding me? I need to step up my game or something!
Can you give a Trojan a break? It’s tough out here when you’re all hunting me down!
I’m starting to think you all have some insider info. This is too much pressure!
Seriously, it’s like you’re reading my mind. How do you keep guessing my moves?
I’m just a humble Trojan trying to survive, and you all are relentless! Do you ever get tired of scanning?
You must have some sort of scanning superpower. I’d love to know how you do it!
Is there a support group for Trojans? Because I could really use one right now!
I’m convinced you’re plotting against me. Do you all have a secret alliance or something?
How is it fair that you all seem to have perfect teamwork? It’s like I’m outnumbered here!
I thought this was a game, but you guys are making it feel like a full-time job!
You all are making me sweat. Can we at least take a breather from the scanning?
What’s next? A talent show where you all showcase your scanning skills?
At this point, I’m just trying to survive the round without losing my mind!